[1.16] Update perf test docs to point to the new source of truth (#4961)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/performance-and-scalability/perf-results.md

---
type: docs
title: "Performance results"
linkTitle: "Performance results"
weight: 10000
description: "Performance benchmarks and charts for Dapr APIs"
---

> For performance results, please see the [Dapr performance test suite](https://github.com/dapr/dapr/tree/release-1.16/tests/perf/report/charts) in the dapr/dapr repository, where you can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For performance results see the [Dapr performance test suite](https://github.com/dapr/dapr/tree/release-1.16/tests/perf/report/charts) in the dapr/dapr repository, where you can 
```

> view performance charts and numbers per Dapr version and API available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
view performance charts and numbers for each Dapr version and API.
```

Visit the [performance charts directory](https://github.com/dapr/dapr/tree/release-1.16/tests/perf/report/charts) to view detailed performance metrics, including latency, throughput, and 

> resource utilization per API across different Dapr versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource utilization per API for different Dapr versions.
```
